#parent means current defn is a parent of next keyword
#child means current defn is a child of next keyword
#invalid is used to check keywords with more than one word in them
compare:      very dissim
variant:      strong child
version:      strong child
see:          very sibling
is:           normal child
replaced:     very sibling
as:           invalid
as in:        normal parent
developed:    strong parent
at:           weak parent
by:           normal parent
using:        strong child
e:	      invalid
e.g.:         very parent
eg:	      very parent
any:          invalid
any of:       strong child
for:          normal child
for example:  very parent
like:         normal parent
manufacturer: strong parent
extension:    strong child
compatible:   strong sibling
has:          weak parent
had:          weak parent
archetypal:   very child
uses:         normal parent
used:         normal parent
under:        normal child
derived:      strong child
possibly:     normal parent
taught:       strong child
introduces:   strong sibling
based:        strong child
requires:     normal parent
implementations: normal parent
subset:       very child
known:        very sibling
central:      strong child
example:      normal child
examples:     normal parent
include:      strong parent
opposite:     strong dissim
opposed:      very dissim
analogous:    very sibling
recommended:	weak child
assumes:	normal child
requires:	strong child
qualifying:	very child
corequires:	strong sibling
prohibits:	strong dissim
teaches:	normal parent
# keywords for HCI dictionary extensions
related:	strong sibling
subcategories:	very parent
help:		normal child
coordinating:	normal child
collaborative:	normal sibling
over:		normal parent
providing:	strong parent
artifact:	strong parent
holds:		normal parent
useful:		strong child
features:	strong child
controlled:	strong child
allows:		normal parent
despite:	normal dissim
require:	normal child
capture:	normal parent
indicating:	normal parent
affect:		normal child
optimal:	normal parent
representation:	normal child
actual:		normal child
typical:	strong child
confirm:	normal child
influence:	strong child
provide:	normal child
corresponding:	strong sibling
records:	strong parent
record:		strong parent
typically:	normal parent
intended:	normal child
intention:	normal child
approach:	normal child
suggests:	normal parent
given:		normal child
certain:	normal child
improve:	normal child
improving:	normal child
helping:	strong child
measure:	normal child
associated:	strong sibling
originally:	normal child
referred:	normal sibling
refers:		normal sibling
means:		normal child
reflect:	normal child
involved:	normal child
determine:	normal parent
called:		normal parent
continuation:	normal child
common:		weak child
involve:	strong parent
involves:	strong parent
type:		normal child
needing:	strong parent
expands:	strong child
mechanisms:	normal child
mechanism:	normal child
particularly:	normal parent
traditionally:  strong child
support:	strong child
guide:	        weak child
represent:	normal parent
handle:		normal parent
method:		normal child
refined:	strong child
special:	normal child
indicates:	normal child
technique:	strong child
standard:	strong child
principle:	normal child
#unsure keywords from HCI
capability:	normal parent
control:	normal parent
similarly:	strong sibling
automated:	normal parent
automatically:	normal parent
identify:	normal parent
identifies:	normal parent
convention:	normal child
design:		normal parent
designers:	normal parent
designing:	normal parent
designed:	normal parent
custom:		normal child
studies:	normal parent
form:		normal child
enables:	normal parent
tool:		normal child
appears:	normal parent
#more keywords from FOLDOC
started:	normal child
wanted:		normal parent
limited:	normal child
wanted:		normal parent
original:	normal child
refer:		normal sibling
represents:	normal child
names:		normal parent
series:		normal child
predecessor:	strong parent
successor:	strong child
runs:		normal parent
term:		weak sibling
came:		normal child
shift:		weak parent
introduction:	normal parent
available:	normal child
depends:	normal child
acquired:	strong parent
merged:		strong sibling
extension:	strong child
interactive:	normal child
ease:		invalid
ease of:	normal parent
cost:		normal sibling
from:		normal child
meaning:	normal parent
normal:		normal child
system:		normal child
provides:	normal parent
introductory:	strong child
grasp:		normal parent
gain:		normal parent
with:		normal parent
introduced:	strong parent
stored:		normal parent
included:	strong parent
supporting:	strong parent
ports:		normal parent
released:	strong sibling
named:		normal child
after:		normal child
tracks:		normal parent
detect:		normal parent
keeps:		normal parent
includes:	normal parent
gains:		normal parent
making:		normal parent
defines:	strong parent
describe:	strong child
such:		normal parent
such as:	very parent
notations:	strong parent
describing:	strong child
encoding:	strong parent
combines:	very parent
specified:	normal sibling
between:	normal child
necessary:	strong parent
confusingly:	normal dissim
adjunct:	strong sibling
canonical:	very child
owns:           strong parent
owned:		strong child
creation:	normal parent
launched:	strong parent
formed:		strong parent
avoids:		normal parent
descendant:	strong child
accessed:	normal sibling
kinds:		strong parent
contrast:	strong dissim
ensures:	normal parent
contains:	normal parent
exists:		normal child
are:		normal child
execute:	normal sibling
including:	strong parent
generates:	strong parent
generated:	strong parent
lacks:		normal dissim
supports:	strong parent
aims:		normal parent
maintains:	strong parent
handles:	strong parent
designs:	normal parent
consists:	strong parent
source:		normal parent
determines:	normal parent
containing:	normal parent
especially:	strong child
special-case:	strong child
base:		normal parent
#pseudo stop-words
date:		normal sibling
list:		normal sibling
external:	weak parent
furthermore:	weak child
data:		weak child
instruction:	weak parent
access:		normal parent
on:		weak child
#soft2130 keywords
categories:	very child